# paper-steganography-Imm-cover
Code for paper "Universal Immunized Cover Construction for Secure Adaptive Steganography across Multiple Domains"
Abstract: Constructing the cover image with strong resistance to embedding distortion across multiple domains holds great promise for secure adaptive steganography. Nevertheless, existing CNN-based cover enhancement schemes, while effective against their target steganalyzers, struggle to resist detection beyond their target steganalyzer. Moreover, existing immune-based cover enhancement schemes focus solely on optimizing the spatial characteristics of the original cover. However, covers that can only resist spatial embedding distortion are insufficient to ensure security for steganography in other domains. In this paper, we propose a universal immunized (Uimm) cover construction scheme based on artificial immune evolution to enhance steganographic security, which is universal across multiple domains. Inspired by the similarity between steganography and immune response, we treat the original cover as the organism, the embedding distortion as the pathogen, and the universal immunoprocessing (UIP) applied to the original cover as the antibody. Moreover, the filter banks are meticulously designed to adaptively limit the universal immunoprocessing region (UIPR) and intensity of UIP, thereby fully considering the texture characteristics of the cover in the spatial domain. Under the constraints of the UIPR and UIP intensity, antibodies are guided to evolve towards improving the JPEG steganography security, yielding the optimal universal immunoprocessing policy. By considering intrinsic characteristics in both the spatial and JPEG domains, optimal universal immunoprocessing performed on the original cover will enhance its resistance to embedding distortion across multiple domains. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed Uimm cover significantly improves the holistic security of adaptive steganography in both spatial and JPEG domains, effectively resisting handcrafted and CNN-based steganalysis. It also achieves superior performance compared to related schemes.

The program starts from main.m, UIPRSelection.m is used for selecting the immunoprocessing region, UIPIntensity.m controls the intensity of immunoprocessing, and the AIS_f file handles the immune evolution process.
